[DOC-9753] Document minimum supported vCPU per node for Dedicated on Azure (#18320)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/cockroachcloud/create-your-cluster.md

    ----------|------------
    Transactions per second | Each vCPU can handle around 1000 transactions per second. For example, 2 vCPUs can handle 2000 transactions per second and 4 vCPUs can handle 4000 transactions per second.
    Scaling | When scaling up your cluster, it is generally more effective to increase node size up to 16 vCPUs before adding more nodes. For most production applications, we recommend **at least 4 to 8 vCPUs per node**.

    {{site.data.alerts.callout_info}}

>     Clusters deployed in CockroachDB Cloud can be created with a minimum of 2vCPUs per node on AWS and GCP or 4vcPUs per node on Azure.

Author: ```suggestion
    Clusters deployed in CockroachDB Cloud can be created with a minimum of 2 vCPUs per node on AWS and GCP or 4 vCPUs per node on Azure.
```

>     Clusters deployed in CockroachDB Cloud can be created with a minimum of 2vCPUs per node on AWS and GCP or 4vcPUs per node on Azure (Limited Access).

Reviewer: Azure isn't in limited access; it's been GA-ed. Is that what's meant here and below by "Limited Access"?
